Update contextual_bandits.md (#14)
VowpalWabbit/vowpalwabbit.github.io: _guides/contextual_bandits.md

tags: contextual&nbsp;bandits
---

## Contextual bandits and Vowpal Wabbit

This tutorial includes an overview of the contextual bandits approach to reinforcement learning and describes how to approach a contextual bandit problem using Vowpal Wabbit. You will learn how to use Vowpal Wabbit in a contextual bandit setting with the Python tutorial—including when and how to work with different contextual bandits approaches, how to format data, and understand the results. No prior knowledge of contextual bandits or Vowpal Wabbit is required.

> ## Getting started with Vowpal Wabbit

Reviewer: should these headers be h3? Only the tutorial title is h2?

tags: contextual&nbsp;bandits
---

> # Contextual Bandits and Vowpal Wabbit

Reviewer: The header hierarchical starts from 'h2' in tutorial. Basically, all h1 needs to be h2, h2 needs to be h3 etc

This tutorial includes an overview of contextual bandits (CB) and describes how to approach a contextual bandit problem using Vowpal Wabbit (VW). No prior knowledge of CB is required. You will learn how to use VW in a CB setting with the Python tutorial—including when and how to work with with different CB approaches, how to format data, and understand the results. 

## Getting started with Vowpal Wabbit

> To install VW—and for more information on building VW from source or using a package manager—see [Getting started](https://github.com/VowpalWabbit/vowpal_wabbit/wiki/Getting-started) guide. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install VW—and for more information on building VW from source or using a package manager—see [Getting started](getting_started.html) guide. 
```

> >**Note:** The CB tutorial uses [Vowpal Wabbit Python package](https://github.com/VowpalWabbit/vowpal_wabbit/tree/master/python). Additional binary packages are available for select platforms. See [Getting started](https://cheng-tan.github.io/vowpalwabbit.github.io/) module on the homepage for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The CB tutorial uses [Vowpal Wabbit Python package](https://github.com/VowpalWabbit/vowpal_wabbit/tree/master/python). Additional binary packages are available for select platforms. See [Getting started](getting_started.html) module on the homepage for more information.
```

We use the term _policy_ many times in this tutorial. In Reinforcement Learning (RL), the policy is roughly equivalent to _model_. In machine learning, the model means _learned function_. When someone says policy, it is more specific than model because it indicates this is a model that acts in the world.

Contexts and actions are typically represented as feature vectors in CB algorithms. For example, _APP_ chooses actions by applying a policy **π** that takes a context as input and returns an action. The goal is to find a policy that maximizes the average reward over a sequence of interactions.

### Specifying the CB approach

- Inverse Propensity Score <sup>{% cite doi:10.1080/01621459.1952.10483446 %}</sup> `--cb_type ips`
- Doubly Robust <sup>{% cite DBLP:conf/icml/JiangL16 %} {% cite DBLP:conf/icml/DudikLL11 %}</sup> `--cb_type dr`
- Direct Method `--cb_type dm`
- Multi Task Regression/Importance Weighted Regression <sup>{% cite bietti2018a %} {% cite Karampatziakis:2011:OIW:3020548.3020594 %}</sup> `--cb_type mtr`

There are multiple policy evaluation approaches available to optimize a policy. VW offers four approaches to specify CB approach using `--cb_type`:

> - **Inverse Propensity Score:** `--cb_type ips`

Reviewer: is this section duplicate with line 63 to line 66?

- **Doubly Robust:** `--cb_type dr`
- **Direct Method:** `--cb_type dm`
- **Multi Task Regression/Importance Weighted Regression:** `--cb_type mtr`

>**Note:** The focal point of CB learning research is efficient exploration algorithms. For more details, see the <a href="https://arxiv.org/pdf/1802.04064.pdf" target="_blank">Contextual Bandit bake-off paper</a>.

#### Specifying exploration algorithms

VW offers five exploration algorithms:

- **Explore-First** `--first`
- **Epsilon-Greedy** `--epsilon`

> - **Bagging Explorer** `--bag`

Reviewer: Adding the citations here?

Author: Ok, where can I find the original citations? I don't have them on any of my versions

Reviewer: if you view the file changes in split view, looking at the code on the left pane. Searching for "bagging explorer", {% cite .... %} is the original citations.

> - **Online Cover** `--cover`

Reviewer: citation

> - **Softmax Explorer** `--softmax` (only supported for `--cb_explore_adf`)

Reviewer: citation

resource_icon: /svg/resources/guide.svg
---

# Contextual Bandits and Vowpal Wabbit

> 

Reviewer 2: no "test" data, only "data". test data means something else in machine learning parlance.
